Shalls Construction Services Include:

 Construction Services
 Handyman Services
 When it comes to the complex, fast-paced world of commercial construction, we are a property manager’s greatest resource and biggest ally. Whether your property needs to white box a space for lease, or improve common areas, our team of professionals are experts at their craft, and we have the capabilities and experience to meet the construction needs of projects from small to large. Our construction expertise includes commercial interiors, office remodeling, retail construction, tenant build out, common area upgrades, and emergency construction services, amongst others. We also provide all our property managers with dedicated, on-call 24/7 response to emergencies to ensure your project is efficiently managed and executed, no matter what.

 With over 25 years of experience managing every facet of commercial construction, Shall’s Construction can also provide valuable guidance and insight on how to maximize the use of existing spaces. When you have a vision, we use deep research and practical, hands-on expertise to turn it into a reality. Our clients include commercial retail and office, schools, universities, apartments and HOAs, hospitals and medical suites, and corporate and government clients. For both interior and exterior construction projects, our team of commercial contractors is your on-site team of experts, performing the majority of work directly, and ensuring our high-quality standards and craftsmanship are maintained at every touchpoint. When you want your commercial construction job done right from day one, call Shall’s Construction.

 Our Painting Services Include:

 Interior Paint Projects
 Exterior Paint Projects
 Specialty Coatings
 Garage Painting & Sealing
 A fresh coat of professionally-applied, expertly detailed paint can do more than just perk-up your building; it can add long-term value to your property. Shall’s Construction are specialists at interior and exterior painting services and commercial painting, and our comprehensive experience and on-site, professional team ensures your project is worry-free and executed with the highest quality precision and craftsmanship. Offering full-service, integrated commercial painting services including surface prep and painting, wall coverings, wood treatments, drywall, textured coating systems, specialty finishes and flooring, we have significant experience on projects of all sizes, and are known for working around in-place tenants with minimal disruptions.

 With over two decades of experience working on commercial painting projects across Maryland, Virginia and DC, we provide expert guidance on the latest painting techniques and trends including: materials and finishes, design options and schemes, and color choices to help you make the best decision for your project. From interior common spaces to retail shopping centers to parking garages, Shall’s delivers full-spectrum commercial painting services that add significant value to every area of your property.



 Our Building Exterior Services Include:

 Waterproofing, Caulking, Sealing
 Masonry Repair
 Garage Repair
 Power Washing
 Maintaining the exterior of your commercial building requires practical expertise as well as a cost-effective, long-term approach. With over two decades of experience working on building exteriors, Shall’s offers property managers in the MD/VA/DC region high-quality solutions for all their building exterior needs. Our team of experienced professionals and waterproofing contractors understand the intricacies of preserving and repairing building exteriors, as well as preventative maintenance. Since 1992, we have helped property managers in commercial, industrial, retail, healthcare, school, and university, and multi-family settings care for their most valuable assets.

 Through every phase of work, our highly qualified craftsman and skilled tradesmen work with you closely to answer all questions, and provide efficient, knowledgeable solutions for a full spectrum of building exterior services including full waterproofing restoration, power washing services, masonry, caulking, crack repair, leak investigation, and concrete repair. Our services are designed to work around in-place tenants, and we pride ourselves on executing even the most complex projects with minimal disruptions. Should an emergency occur after hours, we provide 24/7 on-call response for any unexpected or emergency need. That’s how seriously we take our commitment to getting the job done right – no matter what. Whether the exterior of your building needs an immediate fix or a long-term, on-going solution, partner with Shall’s for complete building exterior services.

 Full System Joint-Sealant Replacement

  • Façade Power Washing • Masonry Repair & Repointing

 • Garage & Sidewalk Power Washing

 • Leak Investigation & Repair • Sidewalk Caulking

 • Window Caulking & Wet Glazing

 • Thru-Wall Flashing/Steel Lintel Repair

 • Pedestrian/Traffic Coating

 • Concrete Repair

  • Expansion Joint Replacement & Installation

 • Waterproofing

 • Water Repellents/Sealers

 • Window/Glass Restoration

 Parking Lot Services Include Asphalt and Concrete:

 At Shall’s Construction, we know that when it comes to maintenance and preservation of your parking lot, even the smallest details matter. That’s why commercial property managers in the DC/MD/VA region have turned to Shall’s for start-to-finish guidance and execution of their parking lot projects for over twenty years. Experts in all aspects of parking lot maintenance and preservation. From any asphalt project, parking lot striping, stenciling, sealcoating, and even ADA upgrades, our team takes the time to understand your job and then craft an efficient, professional plan that meets your needs and budget from day one.

 We are a true partner, and our team of professionals has the experience, education, and equipment necessary to take on even the most complex projects. And because we perform the majority of work ourselves, we maintain the highest standards of quality craftsmanship, consistency, and reliability from start to finish. We have a reputation for working proficiently around in-place tenants and take great pride in minimizing disruptions to your business, including providing all of our clients with 24/7 response to emergencies. From a short-term fix to on-going parking lot maintenance solutions, we have the skills and practical experience to get the job done. We are adept at projects both large and small, and our expertise has helped property managers in retail, commercial, government/federal, hospital and education. When your commercial property needs a full suite of parking lot maintenance services, you can trust Shall’s for keeping parking lots looking their best with our expert asphalt services. Whether your property is in need of a complete mill and overlay, or just patching or other paving services, we have the team, equipment and know-how to get the job done right the first time.

 Our parking lot services include:

 Patching
 Concrete
 Paving
 Seal Coat
 Profile
 Speed Bumps
 Striping
 Shall’s Construction Services Repairs, Replaces, and Installs the Following Concrete Structures:

 Sidewalks, to include Exposed Aggregate Sidewalks
 Curb and Gutter
 Steps, Landings, and Railings
 Pads, Ramps, Aprons, and Entrances
 Loading Docks
 Walls and Retaining Walls
 Bollards, Columns, and Beams
 Trench Drains, Storm Drains and Lids, Inlets
 Pool Decks and Patios
 Other Concrete Services Include:

 Stamped Concrete Installation
 Concrete Sidewalk Caulking
 Rout and Seal
 Ardex Surface Application
 Partial-Depth Spall Repair, Full Depth Spall Repair
 Curb Sandblasting
 Sidewalk Sealing
 Sidewalk Powerwashing
 ADA Compliance
 Our Snow Removal Services Include:

 During winter months, we ensure your property can be safely accessed with prompt snow and ice management and removal. In fact, we pride ourselves on causing minimal disruptions to your in-place tenants, and plan our work so efficiently; they may not even know we are on-site. For full-service, cost-effective, professional snow removal services in the MD/DC/VA region that you can rely on!